# Chapter 3

Blossom Bernice Breydenblach and Roscoe wound through the shadowy corridor
leading up to a large wooden door. They had lost sight of Zebulon many twists
and turns ago, and Bee hoped it would take him a while to cross the pit. Or
better yet, that he would fall and be eaten by lava snakes. One could dream.

Roscoe approached the door. "How do you think we open it?" he asked.

Bee started to investigate the area. "There must be a key hidden somewhere. Or
maybe it's another riddle," she said.

"Didn't we already do a door puzzle? How tedious." Roscoe leaned against the
door, and it swung open. "Oh, that was easy."

Bee and Roscoe stepped into the room. It was small and lit by several torches.
At the center was a table laden with a medley of containers filled with various
substances. Some emitted steam, some were bubbling, and others lay dormant. Bee
moved toward the table. "What in the wor–"

The traitorous door slammed shut behind them. Roscoe jumped. "That was
aggressive," he said, then gasped as a ring of fire shot up from the floor
surrounding him, Bee, and the ominous laboratory before them. "We're trapped!"
he cried.

Bee walked to the table. "Look here," she said. "There's a note." She picked up
the parchment and began to read:

" 'Around you is a blazing fire, That you may cross if you desire, A single
potion you must devise, To touch the flames and stay alive.' "

Interesting. It seems like we need to concoct something to pass through the fire
unharmed."

"That sounds hard," said Roscoe.

"The merit of all things lies in their difficulty," Bee said. She looked back at
the parchment. "There's a riddle here. I think it tells us what we need to put
in the potion."

She began to read again:

" 'Skin of an asphyxiating animal, The horizon at sunset, Drink this to become
more thirsty, And this when you're upset.' "

Roscoe pondered. "Hmm, skin of an asphyxiating animal, I guess that would be
python skin. And look, there's snakeskin here. The horizon at sunset — sunsets
are usually orange and red, and there's a ruby here. Let's go with that. And
drinking salt water doesn't quench your thirst. Look, here's a glass of
seawater. And what do you drink when you're upset? I need coffee in the morning
or else I'm a monster. There's a cup of java here. I think that's it."

Bee tossed the ingredients together in an empty glass. "Roscoe, you're a
genius!"

"Won't argue with you there," Roscoe said, taking the mixture from Bee and
draining half of it before handing it back to her. She drank the other half, and
they proceeded to walk toward the fire. Bee took Roscoe's hand and started to
count down.

"Three, two, one," she said, then stepped through the flames, Roscoe close
behind. The flames felt cool against her skin, and before she knew it, she was
safely on the other side. "Let's go! We must be getting closer to the Golden
Soroban."

They continued on through the doorway and to their next adventure.
