# Chapter 2

Roscoe trailed Blossom Bernice Breydenblach as she moved quickly through the
entrance hall of Squaktahune Temple. Torches flickered as they swept by and
shadows danced on the stone walls. Roscoe felt nervous, there was no denying it,
ancient aliens were no joke. And Bee was walking entirely too fast.

"Look out!" he yelled, grabbing Bee's backpack as she rounded a corner. She fell
back with a yelp. "That recklessness of yours will get you killed!" he added,
peering across the massive pit before them.

Bee puffed out a breath. "Thanks," she said, standing up and walking to the
pit's edge. "Woah, is that lava down there?"

"Indeed, and very large spikes," Roscoe said and squinted into the abyss. "Wait,
are thoseâ€¦ snakes in the lava? Lava snakes? You'd think they'd spread things out
a bit. Lava, spikes, and snakes in one obstacle is a bit overkill. I mean, we'd
die from any one of those, much less all three."

Bee chuckled and started unwinding the grappling hook from her backpack. Roscoe
noticed a chain with a sturdy-looking metal hook descending from the ceiling
above the pit. "You going to be able to hook that?" he asked.

"I was a cowgirl in my past life," she answered and began to swing the grappling
hook around. Roscoe ducked and backed away. He wasn't dying from a grappling
hook to the head, that was for sure. Bee released the hook, and it soared
through the air, catching the chain. She tugged on the rope a few times before
handing it to Roscoe. "You go first," she said.

Roscoe grabbed the rope and, without thinking of the implications, leaped into
the air and swung over the gaping hole. His feet hit the ground on the other
side, and he straightened up and lobbed the rope back. Bee caught it and,
without hesitation, vaulted into the air.

Just then, a cackling laugh resounded off the stone walls, and an arrow whizzed
through the air, slicing through the grappling hook rope as Bee hit her upswing.

"BEE!" Roscoe yelled, watching her arc toward the lava snakes. Thinking fast,
Bee swung the remaining rope over her head and flung it desperately at Roscoe as
she fell. He leaned forward and caught the rope, hurrying to brace himself
against the pit's ledge. The rope went taut, and Bee slammed against the pit's
stone wall. Then Roscoe, with a little help from adrenaline, dragged Bee up to
safety.

"That's twice you saved my life today," she said, giving him a grateful squeeze.

"Blossom Bernice Breydenblach," boomed a voice from across the pit. A large
cloaked figure stood there with a bow strapped across its back.

"Zebulon," Bee said. "I should have known."

Roscoe scratched his head. "Zebulon? What kind of name is that? What is he, a
superhero?"

"More like supervillain. I'll tell you on the way, we can't let him catch up. We
must reach the Golden Soroban before he does," Bee said. She grabbed Roscoe's
arm and towed him onward to the next challenge.
